Okay, let's get started.
So we just spent the last week and change talking to product builders across the industry who we
think just build excellent products and who we think are really known for quality.
It just the product works the way you work.
Product management to some degree is an even more generalist version of design.
You have to create a great user experience because
that's the key to getting people to use your product.
Are there any common threads between these various builders at these various companies?
Everything is a trade-off.
And it comes with all these trade-offs.
That's a trade-off.
We are just trying to answer the question of like how great quality products get built.
When I look at a new product, I'm like really looking for
the ones that are the most challenging to make.
A really clear vision for what this thing is.
Is it the most usable thing I can possibly have?
And why someone would buy it?
Compelling features, incredible design.
Is it the most valuable thing I can possibly have?
What are problems big enough for a particular group of people that they
will cancel the rest of their day to solve?
The last one is craft.
Is it the best crafted thing that I can possibly experience?
What's going to help you do it the fastest or help you kind of visualize
something that wasn't available to you before?
As you sacrifice things, sacrifice anything,
but I'm responsible for what the product looks and feels like.
Actually, I hadn't thought about it that way.